[docs] Add Customization and TypeScript handbook pages (#2719)
mui/base-ui: docs/src/app/(public)/(content)/react/handbook/customization/page.mdx

# Customization

<Subtitle>A guide to customizing the behavior of Base UI components.</Subtitle>
<Meta name="description" content="A guide to customizing the behavior of Base UI components." />

## Base UI events

Change events such as `onOpenChange`, `onValueChange`, and `onPressedChange` are custom to Base UI.
They can be emitted by various different DOM events, effects, or even during rendering.

```js title="Base UI event signatures"
onOpenChange: (open, eventDetails) => void
onValueChange: (value, eventDetails) => void
onPressedChange: (pressed, eventDetails) => void
```

The `eventDetails` property is passed as a second argument to Base UI event handlers.
This enables the event to be customized, and also allows you to conditionally run side effects based on the reason or DOM event that caused the change.

```tsx title="eventDetails object"
interface BaseUIEventDetails {
  reason: string;

>   event: Event;

Reviewer: I don't know about this. Two things that feel a bit off:

- Under React JS terminology, this would be a native event

``` suggestion
  nativeEvent: Event;
```

- React has a bunch of logic to normalize event behavior https://github.com/facebook/react/blob/e02c173fa597ce914c6876f71556c39bf20f40dc/packages/react-dom-bindings/src/events/SyntheticEvent.js#L333. Not exposing it could deprive users of important behavior.

Author: Many times the events are called from a native event, so we used native events everywhere so it's consistent no matter how the event handlers are registered. 

If people request React events, it could be added as a `.reactEvent` property (that's potentially undefined). These change events are different from React event handlers to begin with signature-wise etc., so it's not a big deal I think

Reviewer: @atomiks In the end, I was wondering about having:
```suggestion
    event?: React.SyntheticEvent;
    nativeEvent: Event;
```

but yeah, nothing critical, it's more of a v2 kind of potential change, depending on how people respond.

  cancel: () => void;
  allowPropagation: () => void;
  isCanceled: boolean;
  isPropagationAllowed: boolean;
}
```

- `reason` is used to determine why the change event occurred, which can be useful to conditionally run certain side effects.
  Most IDEs will show the possible string values after typing `reason === '`.
- `event` is the native DOM event that caused the change.
- `cancel` stops the component from changing its internal state.
- `allowPropagation` allows the DOM event to propagate in cases where Base UI will stop the propagation.
- `isCanceled` indicates whether the change event has been canceled.
- `isPropagationAllowed` indicates whether the DOM event is allowed to propagate.

### Canceling a Base UI event

> To leave a component uncontrolled, the event can be canceled with the `cancel()` method:

Reviewer 2: If the goal of this section is to say that you can influence the internal state of a component without having to control this state, then I don't think the sentence is super clear.

```suggestion
You can cancel updates without having to control the updates state thanks to the `cancel()` method:
```

I'm not convinced by my proposal either, but I think there is room for improvement here

Author: I tweaked the wording a bit
